# Question of Conciousness or Intelligence
## Chapter 1
------------
### An unexpected meeting
-------------------------

"Ooh!... You have a meeting to attend." Raghav woke up with with a headache. "Fuck ! This headache. " He looks at his cellphone. '''10 missed call ! same number ! Who is this person.''' Private Number!. "Okay I couldn't call him back" Let's see If he calls back. There was a SAMSUNG 23 tab there lying on the flour with note make software with " Fire flies" written on it. He couldn't remember why he wrote it. He stood up. and went to the kitchen there was a plate of fully made omlet next to the stove . Pan was on the stove cold . He got curious " WHO MADE THIS OMLET" mind bogglers isn't . He started searching if there is/was a girl. no body was there ... Perhaps he didn't get lucky but who made this omlet . Is there was a boy. Probably? He start searching for the guy? "Okay now i couldn't find any of them . But the omlet seem delicious". He took a peice apart, a big piece , and put that entire thing in his mouth. he realised that he hasn;t brushed . """ this is delicious omlet not worthy to spit it out.""" He swollowed it , went to bath room and started brushing the teeth.Mean while put some bread in the toaster , and turned on the coffee machine to make some coffee. He finished it. whashed every thing. Then put the tosted bread on the vacant part of plate. Put that plate on the dining table took the coffee and put that on the table. Picked up his tablet and unlocked the tablet. note makeing app was up fron't which was the last app used and screen locked at the app...but still that app was active. He took a sip of coffee. """That's a shitty taste . I need to change the setting of this machine""". I the upper left hand corner there was a notification ..You have a message on SMP secure message protocol. 
## Chapter 2
### An Invitation
